docs: updated deep link docs (#36952)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/launch-app-from-url-in-another-app.md

In this next step, we will create our  `BrowserWindow` and tell our application how to handle an event in which an external protocol is clicked.

> This code will be different in Windows compared to MacOS and Linux. This is due to Windows requiring additional code in order to open the contents of the protocol link within the same Electron instance. Read more about this [here](https://www.electronjs.org/docs/api/app#apprequestsingleinstancelockadditionaldata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code will be different in Windows compared to MacOS and Linux. This is due to Windows requiring additional code in order to open the contents of the protocol link within the same Electron instance. Read more about this [here](../api/app.md#apprequestsingleinstancelockadditionaldata).
```

Good catch! This should be automatically caught by our linting scripts but wasn't because it uses the website URL instead of linking to the other file directly.
